To implement the task I have mostly used official documentations of NestJS and Drizzle ORM, as well as some blog posts and YouTube tutorials. However, I have also used such LLMs as ChatGPT and GitHub Copilot.

I used ChatGPT to better understand how does docker-compose.yml and Dockerfile work, what do I have to specify in these files, in order to containerize my NestJS application with Drizzle ORM and PostgreSQL database. Besides that, ChatGPT has also generated index.html for me with basic page that implements CRUD operations for Events table. I did ask ChatGPT to explain each part of generated code, as HTML is something that I have limited experience with. After that I have modified the code and deleted unnecessary parts of it.

GitHub Copilot was mostly used while writing backend code. It suggested me code that I have earlier used in other controllers, services, and modules, so it only helped me to speed up the coding process. However, it is important to note, that sometimes Copilot suggests wrong code, so I always verified before using.

Answering the question regarding which parts of my solution were written by me, I can say that I have written all the NestJS + Drizzle ORM code by myself, just by following the official documentation and some tutorials. I have modified code used in documentation examples and in tutorials, so that it fits the project. The only part that was not entirely written by me is the index.html file. It was generated by ChatGPT, but I have fully understood the code and have modified it by deleting unnecessary parts and adding navigation bar.

If I had more time to work on this project, I would improve the frontend part. Firstly, it would be good to add sections with CRUD operations for other tables, like Sports, Teams, and Venues. I also think it may be better to use some modern framework (i.e. React) instead of plain HTML. However, I have taken the BE task, because I am more interested in backend development, so I have focused more on that part.
